## Analytics Cup 2021/2022
#### How good is the Offer? - Developing a Classification Model for Predicting the Success of Sales Offers for Smart Infrastructure
### The Challenge
This year’s Analytics Cup takes place in cooperation with Siemens Advanta Consulting. One of their clients, a large international company headquartered in Germany (in the following: “The Company”), sells various Smart Infrastructure products and services to business partners (“customers”). These products range from fire safety products to surveillance cameras to network-enabled air conditioners. In the sales process, the Company will approach a potential customer with a specific offer for a (packet of) product(s) and related services (e.g. installation, maintenance for a fixed period of time). When creating these individual offers, determining the right price is a challenging and crucial task for the Company: a reasonable choice will generate a good profit margin for the Company and, simultaneously, satisfy the needs of the customer, thus achieving a good chance of being accepted. If the price is set too high, however, the customers will likely reject the offer. Besides the price, many other factors may influence the decision of whether an offer is accepted or not: type of industry, length of a business relationship, willingness to pay in the past, etc.  
In this challenge, you and your team have the task to develop a predictive model that classifies offers into successful and unsuccessful ones using multiple real-world data sets provided by the Company and Siemens Advanta Consulting. You will find offers for existing customers at facilities where the Company has already deployed other Smart Infrastructure products, but also offers to entirely new facilities without a previously existing business relationship. The products comprise the categories fire, security, and comfort. Your model will lay the foundation for developing decision-support tools for the Company’s sales departments.  
You are provided with three data sets in this challenge. The first data set is the “customers.csv” file and contains 8452 records about the Company’s (potential) customers located in France and Switzerland. The column CUSTOMER consists of IDs, which uniquely identify customers within a country. However, two different customers may have the same ID if they belong to different countries.   
The “transactions.csv” contains the 26151 offers that the Company has made to its (potential) customers. There is a distinction between main offers and sub offers: A main offer is uniquely identified by its primary key in the column MO_ID. Each main offer can have zero, one, or multiple associated sub offers, which are uniquely identified by their key in column SO_ID. You will need to make predictions on the sub offer level of granularity. If a main offer has no sub offers attached, you should treat the main offer itself as if it were a sub offer.
The “geo.csv” file contains further information about the Company’s sales offices. You may assume that all the offers made by a particular sales office will be to a customer within the same country as the sales office itself.  
YOUR TASK: Use these data sets to develop a model that can predict the outcome of the column OFFER_STATUS, which indicates whether a customer accepts an offer (your model predicts OFFER_STATUS=1) or rejects it (your model predicts OFFER_STATUS=0).
For those transactions that have a TEST_SET_ID and for which you are not given the OFFER_STATUS (the “private test set”), you must make predictions that will form your submission. See the submission_template.csv for details about the required format. You project will be evaluated and graded based on these predictions.  
Note that in some places, we (the Business Analytics team) have artificially degraded the data quality and made some other modifications to the data in order to tune difficulty of the Analytics Cup. Any data quality issues you notice should therefore not be attributed to Siemens Advanta Consulting or the Company.  
